Validate github-oath demo with the integrations framework (#1086)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: demos/github-oauth/README.md

# Configure github-oauth-plugin

> Basic configuration of the [Active Directory plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/github-oauth)

Reviewer: :shipit: active directory? 
```suggestion
Basic configuration of the [GitHub Authentication plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/github-oauth)
```

Author: C&P 😿 . Thanks
